Added the tagger docs (#122)
rdswift/picard-docs: tutorials/android_app.rst

      :alt: Release loaded into Picard

Loading releases from the Tagger
--------------------------------

> Instead of searching by barcode or search, you can also do send your release from the Tagger:

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is entirely correct so you may need to revise it, but I found your initial instructions a bit confusing.

```suggestion
Instead of finding a release by barcode or a search to send to Picard, you can also send a release from a tagged audio file currently stored on your device:
```

Author: I agree this has a better sound and sense to it.

1. On the main screen of the Android app tap on "Tagger".

   .. image:: images/android-main.png
      :width: 50 %
      :alt: MusicBrainz for Android main screen

> 2. On the tagger, select your release and click on the icon shwocasing Picard functionalities.

Reviewer: Typo.  Also, how does the icon showcase Picard functionality?  From what I can tell, tapping it just submits the information to Picard.

```suggestion
2. On the tagger, select your release and tap the MusicBrainz icon near the bottom of the screen.
```

Author: Makes sense!

>    .. image:: images/android-tagger.png

Reviewer: This image is pretty low resolution (150 x 310) and doesn't display well on the website.  The other images that @phw used are 1080 x 1920.  Please replace this with one with a higher resolution.

Author: I have added a better image this time. Thanks!
